Document JSON schema type casting logic (#237)
snowplow/documentation: docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/loaders-storage-targets/bigquery-loader/index.md

import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
```

> Under the umbrella of Snowplow BigQuery Loader, we have a family of applications that can be used to load enriched Snowplow data into BigQuery. Type reference for our loaders could be found [here](/docs/understanding-tracking-design/json-schema-type-casting-rules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the umbrella of Snowplow BigQuery Loader, we have a family of applications that can be used to load enriched Snowplow data into BigQuery.

:::tip Schemas in BigQuery

For more information on how events are stored in BigQuery, check the [mapping between Snowplow schemas and the corresponding BigQuery column types](/docs/understanding-tracking-design/json-schema-type-casting-rules/index.md).

:::
```

Reviewer: (follow the same template for others)
